United World College Venezuelan test 2018
================

## Introduction

**UWC (or United World Colleges)** is a system of fee-paying independent
**schools and educational programs** with a stated mission of **“making
education a force to unite people, nations and cultures for peace and a
sustainable future”.** [UWC official site](https://www.uwc.org/)

<img src="images/UWC_img.jpg" width="1000px" />

The organisation was founded on the **principles of German
educationalist Kurt Hahn.** Most of the schools and colleges offer
two-year residential programmes, **for people aged 16–19 years, during
which they complete the IB Diploma Programme**.

The organisation emphasizes the breadth of nationalities participating
in its programs. **UWC consists of 18 schools and colleges on five
continents**, several short educational programmes, and national
committees in **159 countries and territories**. UWC International is a
UK registered charity, governed by the International Board and the
International Council. The executive arm of the International Board is
the International Office, located in London, United Kingdom.

## Venezuela UWC test:

Every year **UWC Venezuela develops a test** in order to **select** the
venezuelan **candidates** who will participate in the **international
Scholarship programs Worldwide.** This **written test** is similar to a
college admision test, with topics like: \*\*mathematics, logic
analysis, reading comprehension, and common knowledge. [UWC Venezuela
site](https://www.ven.uwc.org/)

## Venezuela UWC test analysis:

The overall goal of this **analysis is to filter information** about the
**test scores** and the **diversity information** of the candidates.
This information will then be used by Central Management for
**continuous improvement of the selection process.**

In 2018 **420 candidates** tooked the written test.

[See the data manipulation code here](XXXXX)

### Written test analysis:

#### Written score density chart:

![](README_files/figure-gfm/unnamed-chunk-3-1.png)<!-- -->

[See the plot code here](XXXXXX)

This type of chart gives us an overview of the selection process. The
“majority” of the candidates had results **below the average score**
(90/2 = 45), evidencing an **arduous selection process** compared to the
candidates’ skills

#### Histograms: Questions Vs Wrong Percentage

![](README_files/figure-gfm/unnamed-chunk-4-1.png)<!-- -->

[See the plot code here](XXXXXX)

This type of analysis allows us to visually interpret **which questions
were answered wrongly by the majority**, this generates a vision of the
questions that are really serving as a filter. These questions are the
items in which the majority **(\> 50%) respond erroneously** . **Errors
may be a product of the candidate skill level.**

#### Histograms: Questions Vs Common Wrong Percentage

![](README_files/figure-gfm/unnamed-chunk-5-1.png)<!-- -->

[See the plot code here](XXXXXX)

This type of analysis is very similar to the previous one, however it is
more specific. Summarizes **the percentage of people per question who
wrongly answered the question using the same answer** (A, B, C, D, E).
These are the questions in which the majority (\> 50%) of the candidates
make mistakes using the sames wrongs answers, this could help to detect
unwanted confusing wording, **where the candidates are making mistakes
without this consequently reflecting their aptitude or skill level.**

### Candidates analysis

#### Test Candidates:

It is important to have an overview about the **origin of the
candidates** or **where they are comming from**, because the **objective
of the UWC** as an institution its to **give equal chance to all
candidates reaching the most states of the country**, so its important
to see the representation of each state and **if they are comming from
publics or privates institutes.**

![](README_files/figure-gfm/unnamed-chunk-6-1.png)<!-- -->

[See the plot code here](XXXXXX)

![](README_files/figure-gfm/unnamed-chunk-7-1.png)<!-- -->

[See the plot code here](XXXXXX)

<img src="images/test_heatmap_2018.png" width="700px" />

Try out the **interactive map** here:

### [Test Heatmap](https://cdopazo.github.io/publishing/test2018.html)
